Player Character
	Who is the player?
		As this is an RPG, the character is more loosely defined. The specifics 
		 (species, looks, personality) are defined by the player. 
		 
		Overall, the player is an adventurer that accepts this quest to remove
		 the order of knights
	
	Where does the player start?
		The player arrives to the island via boat. They dock in the cove on the 
		 southern side of the island. From here, they may explore the island to
		 the north, east, and west.
		 
Objectives
	What does the player need to do?
		To complete this quest, the player must enter the Order's underground
		 stronghold and slay its leader
	
	What objectives does the PC have a choice in doing?
		If the player decides to explore, they may find the old man's cabin
		 on the southeastern cliff edge. In the cabin are clues that lead to
		 revealing the Order's arrival and eventual turn to corruption

Difficulty
	Where does this level fall in the overall game difficulty graph
		As this quest takes place between the middle and end of the game, the
		 difficulty will be moderately high.
		
		As far as difficulty curve within the level, it starts easy as the
		 player is alone when they dock. Then, as the player enters the Order's
		 lair, the difficulty spikes moderately when they encounter the first
		 members of the Order. Having defeated these low ranking members, the
		 difficulty sinks until the player reaches the knights guarding the path
		 to the final altar. These are higher ranking knights who will prove a
		 greater challenge. Finally,the difficulty spikes to a climax for the 
		 battle with the Order's Bloodlord.

Location
	Where in the universe does this level take place?
		This takes place far from the capitol city which lies on the west coast
		 of the continent. The Island is about a day's sail from the southeast 
		 coast of the continent.

Environment
	Weather?
		As this island mirrors a Mediterranian climate and the game takes place
		 during the spring and summer. Therefore, the current weather is dry, warm,
		 and clear.
	
	Time of day?
		The player arrives around dusk, with sunset happening during the final encounter
	
	Geographical
		As stated previously, Mediterranian.
		From the Design Doc:
			Mediterranean climate. This means clear water, white rocky shores, etc.
	
			Vegetation:
				evergreen (bay laurel, pine)
				deciduous (sycamore, oak)
				shrubs (rosemary chamise)
				grasses (grassland types, sedges, rushes)
			
			Links:
				1) Island - https://www.artstation.com/artwork/6aZdZ0
				2) Island 2 - https://www.artstation.com/artwork/ROg3W
				3) Cave Entrance - https://www.artstation.com/artwork/wz38O
	
	Architectural
		This high fantasy setting overall has a Romanesque architectural style, though
		 this island has more of a mediterranian influence. Namely Roman and Greek Doric

Enemies
	Lower ranking members
		The inital group of enemies will be the lowest ranking members of the Order.
		 They will be equipped with scale and chainmail armor and wield longswords and shields
		
		The second group of enemies will be the higher ranking members of the Order.
		 They will be equipped with plate armor and heavier weapons, greatswords, halberds,
		 tower shields, etc.
		
		The Bloodlord, the last encounter, wears heavy plate armor and wields a massive
		 sword. With him is his Archbishop and his Hand. The Archbishop wears robes sporting
		 the colors of the Order and uses magic to fight. The Hand wields a tower shield 
		 and a longsword.

		It is also worth mentioning that the Order also fights using the powers of their
		 deity which includes blood and death magic.

Gamplay Elements
	Stealth
		Depending on the customization of the player character, the player may have the
		 option, given that they have the required skills, of sneaking past the first group
		 of knights.
	
	Combat
		Combat in this quest follows the combat style of the rest of the game. Real time 
		 action combat. 
	
	Exploring
		The player is rewarded for exploring. In side rooms of this quest lie rewards and
		 loot such as potions, money, and lore elements.

Position
	Where in the game does this level take place?
		This level takes place between the middle and end of the game. Here, the player has
		a good understanding of combat, the world, and how it works, and how it came to be.
		
	What level comes before and after this?
		As this level is a side quest, it may take place any time, if at all, between the
		 midpoint and climax of the game.
		 





Flow Model
	See attatched "Level Design Flow.png"
	
Ingredients
	Island landscape (For specifics, see island layout draft)
		Shape 
		Path
		Hills
		Mountains
		Forest
		
	Vegetation (For specifics, see Design Doc)
		Trees
		Shrubs
		Grasses
	
	Buildings
		Old man's hut
		Dock
		Stronghold entrance
		Tunnels
		Stairs
		Rooms dug out
		Pillars
	
	Props
		Outside
			Boat
		Inside
			Halls/main hall
				Doors
				Throne
			Barracks
				Beds
				Chests
				Table
				Stools
			Storage Room
				Storage items
			Head Chambers
				Large bed
				Dresser
			Final Sacrificial Chambers
				Altar
				Misc props

Encounters
	#1 (Low ranking knights)
		4 Shield Knights
		2 Acolytes
	
	#2 (High ranking knights)
		2 Tower Shield Knights
		1 Greatsword Knight
		1 Bishop
	
	#3 (Final)
		1 Bloodlord
		1 Hand
		1 Archbishop
		
Tension and Relaxation
	Tension will build as the player explores and learns more about the Order.
	
	Combat will further raise this tension, with lulls and slight relaxation occuring after.
	
	Tension will peak, then decline rapidly, come the final encounter.

Reference Images
	Environment
		1) Island - https://www.artstation.com/artwork/6aZdZ0
		2) Island 2 - https://www.artstation.com/artwork/ROg3W
		3) Cave Entrance - https://www.artstation.com/artwork/wz38O
	
	Inside
		1) Blood Knights - https://www.artstation.com/artwork/L2Ve2l
		2) Dark Cathedral - https://www.artstation.com/artwork/ZqxKN
		3) Open Sky Altar - https://www.wallpaperflare.com/architecture-art-cathedral-colors-creature-dark-demons-wallpaper-ubkms
		4) Bone Altar - https://www.artstation.com/artwork/XB6ez3

Map		
	Island Layout
		Included file
	
	Stronghold Layout
		Included file